Added dedicated section for output_field in query expressions docs. (#17017)
django/django: docs/ref/models/expressions.txt

modulo arithmetic, and the power operator on query expressions, using Python
constants, variables, and even other expressions.

> Output field
> ============
> 
> Many of the expressions documented in this section allow for passing an
> optional ``output_field`` argument, into which (if given) Django will load the
> value after it's retrieved from the database.
> 
> The ``output_field`` argument requires a model field instance, like
> ``IntegerField()`` or ``BooleanField()``. Usually no arguments are needed when
> instantiating the model field as any arguments relating to data validation
> (``max_length``, ``max_digits``, etc.) will not be enforced on the expression's
> output value.
> 
> Note that ``output_field`` is only required when Django is unable to determine
> what field type the result should be. Complex expressions that mix field types
> should define the desired ``output_field``. For example, adding an
> ``IntegerField()`` and a ``FloatField()`` together should probably have
> ``output_field=FloatField()`` defined.

Reviewer: Wordsmithing...

```suggestion
Output field
============

Many of the expressions documented in this section support an optional
``output_field`` parameter. If given, Django will Django will load the
value into that field after retrieving it from the database.

``output_field`` takes a model field instance, like ``IntegerField()`` or
``BooleanField()``. Usually, the field doesn't need any arguments, like
``max_length``, since field arguments relate to data validation which will not
be performed on the expression's output value.

``output_field`` is only required when Django is unable to automatically
determine the result's field type, such as with complex expressions that mix
field types. For example, adding a ``DecimalField()`` and a ``FloatField()``
requires an output field, like ``output_field=FloatField()``.
```

It didn't sound like you were sure `IntegerField()` + `FloatField()` actually requires `output_field`. I checked the tests and found that `DecimalField()` + `FloatField()` definitely requires it: https://github.com/django/django/blob/88cb8c638cca5c2cdb5a2dd86a9c7f49ed684646/tests/aggregation/tests.py#L1130-L1139

Author: Thanks! Initially I grouped existing paragraphs into this new section. A review of those with fresh eyes is definitely appreciated! I applied your suggestions.

The ``function``, ``template``, and ``arg_joiner`` keywords can be used to
replace the attributes of the same name without having to define your own
class. ``output_field`` can be used to define the expected return type as

> previously explained.

Reviewer: Link to the section?

such as ``1``, ``True``, or ``None``. Django knows how to convert these Python
values into their corresponding database type.

> If no ``output_field`` is specified it will be tentatively inferred from the
> :py:class:`type` of the provided ``value``, if possible. For example, passing
> an instance of :py:class:`datetime.datetime` as ``value`` would default
> ``output_field`` to :class:`~django.db.models.DateTimeField`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no ``output_field`` is specified, it will be inferred from the type of the
provided ``value`` for many common types. For example, passing an instance of
:py:class:`datetime.datetime` as ``value`` defaults ``output_field`` to
:class:`~django.db.models.DateTimeField`.
```

Author: Applied!
